All right let's cut a hole in our island now before we do that.
Let's relabel our players for the trees so you can see I've already done mine.
I just labeled them tree and you just want to do that for every layer that has a tree on it.
Now the first thing we're going to do to cut out our hole is we need to get into our island folder and
then we are going to come to our bass player then using our Lasso tool.
What we'll do.
Well first let's bring our drawing up above our pink coat and let's turn them on so we can see it.
And now following our drawing We're going to cut out the whole the I guess it's more of a cavern in
our island.
So let's begin and we're cutting out on the base layer
sweep
.
Now let's cut him out by pressing delete.
We also want to cut out the shape on our coat.
Now the next step is to first turn off our drawing.
And now what we want to do is select our islands shape and now we're going to add shadows and highlights
to our whole.
So first we'll start with the highlights.
So let's add a new layer above our pink coat.
And then using the eye dropper we will select our pink color and we'll switch back to our brush and
we're just going to paint the highlight on our whole.
This is what will give it a three dimensional look
and go ahead and add some I guess texture to it because this is Rock and so it can be very organic looking
.
All right.
Now let's switch over to a dark purple.
So we'll selected this purple right here.
And we'll just do the same for the top
.
And we're also going to want to get this under side right here because that would also produce a shadow
Next let's bring down the opacity on the Slayer
85 should do it.
Now we're going to add a new layer underneath our base layer and on this layer we're going to create
a shape that is a little bit bigger than our whole.
Now we're going to select this dark purple out here or sorry we're going to slide this light purple
and fill it in.
Now we'll create a new layer and we'll grab a dark blue color almost black and then using our brush
we are going to paint in a shadow for our whole
right
.
Good.
Now let's bring down the opacity
about there should be good.
Now all we have our shape selected.
Let's add a hue and saturation
and with this we're going to bring down the darkness.
That's good.
And there you have it there is our cavern.